br: add recommend configuration (#1798)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/br.md

- Currently, you can perform restoration only on new clusters.
- It is recommended that you execute multiple backup operations serially. Otherwise, different backup operations might interfere with each other.

## Recommended deployment configuration

- BR is recommended to be deployed on the PD node.

> - It is recommended that you mount a high-performance SSD to BR nodes and all TiKV nodes. You'd better use the 10Gigabit ethernet card; otherwise, bandwidth is likely to be performance bottleneck during the backup and restore process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended that you mount a high-performance SSD to BR nodes and all TiKV nodes. A 10-gigabit network card is recommended. Otherwise, bandwidth is likely to be the performance bottleneck during the backup and restore process.
```
